------------------------------------------
Physical activity and temperature changes of Asian elephants (Elephas maximus) participating in eco-tourism activities and elephant polo
------------------------------------------
Hannah B. TILLEY, Derek MURPHY, Kaja WIERUCKA, Tsz Ching WONG, Annaelle SURREAULT-CHABLE, Hannah S. MUMBY

Explanation of column names for each data file:

Full_Half.csv

Full.half- categorical variable indicating whether the elephant took part in a 'full' or 'half' day of activity.
Date- date on which the activity occurred.
Elephant_individual- the ID of each elephant involved in the study.
Photo_ID- the ID of each thermogram used in the study. 
Body_part- categorical variable for the elephant body parts used in the study (5 levels: 'average','axilla','foreleg','outer point of ear','shoulder').
Temperature_before- numeric variable indicating the temperature of body parts of each elephant prior to activity ('C).
Temperature_after- numeric variable indicating the temperature of body parts of each elephant after activity ('C).
Difference- numeric variable indicating the temperature change of body parts between the temperatures before and after activity ('C). 


Master datasheet.csv

Date- date on which the activity occurred.
Elephant_individual - the ID of each elephant involved in the study.
PoloPractice- binary categorical variable indicating whether the elephant took part in the polo tournament on that day (yes) or not (no). If 'no' then elephants undertook other tourism activities.
Before/after- categorical variable (2 levels: 'before' and 'after') indicating whether the thermogram was taken prior to or after activity.
Photo_ID- the ID of each thermogram used in the study.
Body_part- categorical variable for the elephant body parts used in the study (5 levels: 'average','axilla','foreleg','outer point of ear','shoulder').
Ambient temperature- numeric variable indicating the environmental regional temperature at the time the thermogram was taken ('C).
Temperature - numeric variable indicating the temperature of elephants' body parts ('C).